“Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.” —Winston Churchill 
“It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.” —Herman Melville 
“The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.” —Colin R. Davis 
“Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.” —Henry David Thoreau 
“Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.” —Dale Carnegie 
“There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind.” —Mister Rogers 
“Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.” —John Wooden 
“I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.” —Estée Lauder 
“Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.” ―W. P. Kinsella 
“It is remarkable how much long-term advantage people like us have gotten by trying to be consistently not stupid instead of trying to be very intelligent.” —Charlie Munger 
“You can’t be that kid standing at the top of the waterslide, overthinking it. You have to go down the chute.” —Tina Fey 
“When I believe in something, I’m like a dog with a bone.” —Melissa McCarthy 
“And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.” —Anaïs Nin 
“The standard you walk past is the standard you accept.” —David Hurley 
“I’ve searched all the parks in all the cities and found no statues of committees.” —Gilbert K. Chesterton 
“Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.” ―Winston Churchill 
“Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.” ―Theodore Roosevelt 
“Perfection is not attainable. But if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.” —Vince Lombardi 
“Get a good idea and stay with it. Dog it, and work at it until it’s done right.” —Walt Disney 
“Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.” —Helen Keller 
“The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.” —Winston Churchill 
“Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.” —Will Rogers 
“You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.” —Unknown 
“If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.” —Steve Jobs 
“Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterward.” ―Vernon Sanders Law 
“To know how much there is to know is the beginning of learning to live.” —Dorothy West 
“Goal setting is the secret to a compelling future.” —Tony Robbins 
“We must be willing to get rid of the life we’ve planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us.” —Joseph Campbell 
 